#summary Description of the hosted SVN repository organization.

= Introduction =

The [http://code.google.com/p/crw-cmu/source/browse/ SVN repository] hosted here is intended to contain all of the documentation and code necessary to build and use one of our vehicles.  Here, we describe the overall layout of the repository, and where difference pieces of code are organized.

= [http://code.google.com/p/crw-cmu/source/browse/#svn%2Fclient%2Ftrunk Client] =

The client library contains all of the interface and utility code necessary to create an application that consumes data from and issues commands to a vehicle.  This library is also linked from the vehicle server, to ensure compatibility between clients and servers.  Most importantly, the client library contains the [http://code.google.com/p/crw-cmu/source/browse/#svn%2Fclient%2Ftrunk%2Fsrc%2Fedu%2Fcmu%2Fri%2Fairboat%2Finterfaces vehicle interfaces], which allow interaction with a vehicle in a generic manner.  Interfaces can be implemented as Android native code, proxy objects over XML-RPC, or other ways.

= [http://code.google.com/p/crw-cmu/source/browse/#svn%2Fserver%2Ftrunk Server] =

The server application is an Android application that implements and services the interfaces provided by the client library.  It contains filtering code to handle pose estimation from the on-phone and vehicle sensors, connects to external add-on sensors, and provides a set of low-level navigation controllers that can be selected to perform different vehicle behaviors.